with no qualification, restriction, or limitation; totally.
relating to education and scholarship.
extending or directly underneath, typically with close contact
relating to biology or living organisms.
a building used for public Christian worship.
a hot drink made from roasted and ground seeds.
a difference or contrast between similar things or people.
relating to the running of a home.
the wealth and resources of a specific area.
intensify, increase, or further improve the quality of.
a circumstance, fact, or influence that contributes to a result.
the management of large amounts of money, especially by governments or large companies.
a thing given willingly to someone without payment.
of a color intermediate between black and white.
an area in a building onto which rooms open; a corridor.
a hanging man.
the organ that pumps blood.
not in full health; sick.
bring into use for the first time.
a feeling of great and happiness.
a body of people sworn to give a verdict in a legal case.
put an end to or cause the failure or defeat of (something).
the joint between the thigh and the lower leg in humans.
a large body of water surrounded by land.
be a route or means of access to a particular place.
go away from.
an adult male human being.
the main means of mass communication.
a small arctic whale, males have a large “horn”.
at or to a short distance away.
at the present time or moment.
a large body of salt water.
a bulb vegetable with layers.
physical suffering or discomfort caused by illness or injury.
interrupt action or speech briefly.
stop or discontinue.
a player positioned behind the center who directs a team's offensive play.
uncooked.
advise or suggest something.
feeling sorrow or unhappy.
a liquid dish typically made by boiling food in stock or water.
on or in the course of this present day.
move in a circular direction wholly or partly around an axis or point.
unpleasant or repulsive, especially in appearance.
under normal conditions; generally.
the ability to see something or to be seen from a particular place.
a person who freely offers to take part in an enterprise or undertake a task.
of or at a fairly or comfortably high temperature.
at a period of time.
a loud, sharp cry.
produce or provide.
an area or stretch of land having a particular characteristic.
an African wild horse with black-and-white stripes.
suddenly and unexpectedly.
wildly unreasonable, illogical, or inappropriate.
leave to a person or other beneficiary by a will.
a broad road in a town or city.
causing difficulty; hard to do or deal with.
something that is currently popular or fashionable.
a severe snowstorm with high winds and low visibility.
a person devoted to reading.
a heavily built wild ox with backswept horns.
a very brief two-piece swimsuit for women.
a spider's web.
an underground room beneath a church, used as a chapel or burial place.
a series of events repeated in the same order.
a game played on a lawn with mallets.
a sensation of spinning around and losing one's balance.
barriers that separate rooms.
deny any responsibility or support for.
a house divided into two apartments.
steal or misappropriate.
supply with the necessary items for a particular purpose.
a piece used for fishing, specifically to catch the fish.
a purplish red color named after a flower.
a plant with purple or pink bell-like flowers.
causing amusement.
a system of millions or billions of stars.
a roofed structure that offers an open view of the surrounding area.
difficult, dangerous, or challenging.
casual or unconstrained conversation about other people.
a Japanese poem of seventeen syllables
the sign “-”
a danger or risk.
an instance of being hurt.
a woody evergreen Eurasian climbing plant.
a hard substance that makes up the tusks of animals like elephants.
a large, spherical hard candy.
a medical condition with yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes.
cross or walk in the street or road unlawfully.
bright, colorful, and showy.
a sweet, fruit-flavored gelatin dessert.
a machine saw with a fine blade enabling it to cut curved lines.
a machine that automatically plays a selected song when a coin is inserted.
full of juice.
a canoe of a type used originally by the Inuit.
a hole in a lock.
a unit of memory or data equal to 1,024 (210) bytes.
a clumsy, awkward, or foolish person.
a flightless New Zealand bird with hairlike feathers.
a textile fabric of a dull brownish-yellow color.
the state of great comfort and extravagant living.
having, bringing, or resulting from good fortune.
ungracefully thin and tall.
a colorless fluid containing white blood cells.
the eleventh letter of the Greek alphabet, equivalent of “L”.
an environment or material in which something develops.
one million hertz.
an electromagnetic wave.
utterly bewilder or perplex (someone).
a device such as a pattern of letters that assists in remembering something.
a mythological spirit of nature imagined as a beautiful maiden.
at the present time, in contrast with the past.
a stupid or foolish person.
the life-supporting component of air with atomic number 8.
combine or become combined chemically with oxygen.
a female reproductive organ in which ova or eggs are produced.
a minute area of illumination on a display screen.
clothing in which one sleeps.
lung inflammation caused by bacterial or viral infection.
causing one to be confused or perplexed.
a hard white or colorless mineral.
a test of knowledge.
a line or sequence of people awaiting their turn for something.
the minimum number of members of an assembly to make its proceedings valid.
a sour vegetable with reddish or green stalks.
a strong, regular, repeated pattern of movement or sound.
a light two-wheeled hooded vehicle drawn by one or more people.
score or mark the surface of (something) with a sharp or pointed object.
a cat of a hairless breed, originally from North America.
stylish and attractive.
make a loud, harsh noise.
the quality or state of being strong.
a place that has been fortified so as to protect it against attack.
an underground electric railroad.
a group of symptoms which consistently occur together.
spending money in an extravagant and wasteful way.
a precious stone, typically colorless, yellow, or pale blue
a written or printed version of material originally presented in another way.
infringe or go beyond the bounds of.
in order after an eleventh element.
not familiar.
not deserving effort, attention, or respect.
unfasten a zipper.
characteristic of the residential area of a city or town.
convert or be converted into vapor.
a female fox.
a religion practiced in parts of the Caribbean characterized by sorcery.
a mass of whirling fluid or air.
a passage or path for walking along.
a ballroom dance in triple time.
move one's hand to and fro in greeting.
resembling wax in consistency or appearance.
a spirit distilled from malted grain, especially barley or rye.
breathe with a whistling or rattling sound in the chest.
the person or people who.
the practice of magic, especially black magic.
a man who has magical powers, especially in legends and fairy tales.
a watch worn on a strap around the wrist.
a musical instrument played by striking a row of wooden bars.
a man who sails yachts.
expressing wild excitement or delight.
young or seeming young.
good in terms of taste.
a wooden cross piece that is fastened over the necks of two animals and attached to something that they are to pull.
a line or course having abrupt alternate right and left turns.
nothing.
a belt of the heavens divided into equal sections.
a device consisting of two flexible strips of metal or plastic with interlocking projections.
a corpse said to be revived by witchcraft.
a soft gentle breeze.